do not forget to check the description
of the video for more information
I give a world I am threads and for the
youtube channel vigil with mexico and the
today they may wonder that maybe
they make these faces on your screen
basically if you are reading your
comments and most of them in the
fourth in the video of the fourth tribute
they tell me to show the face of a thousand but
since I do not have the opportunity to return
to do that I prefer to teach them the
original face concept of a thousand
original as you can see here says bongi
microsoft game studios owned by
microsoft this original concept was
posted by a bonnie designer
called isaac hannaford on his blog
official yesterday January 31 , 2011 where
we can see the marlins women and the
original concept of the noble team with 7
members with the original 7 members
that were in a thousand companies per thousand as
they can see is ugly compared to the
others that are going to sound gay but it
they look handsome and because if it looks ugly maybe
that's why the case in the
this campaign this one thousand
we have here to crankcase rosenda cat jung
tom and jorge at the end so good if
want to see this image I leave the link
in the description to download it
also if you want this was pretty
fast because I just wanted to show the
face honey face since most
Well, he does not know who he is and Sakana
Forni knows who your blog is but also
I leave them in the description I leave
there also the image the human everything so
I hope you liked this one
video that has been made interesting
the concept and good visit the blog of
isaac hannaford for more concepts
originals of the harwich game and more than
these things that maybe interest you
quite you, I am hallows and see you
in the next